docs: operators and clusters to watch (#6986)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/deploying/proc-deploy-topic-operator-standalone.adoc

Use the `05-Deployment-strimzi-topic-operator.yaml` deployment file to deploy the Topic Operator.
Add or set the environment variables needed to make a connection to a Kafka cluster.

> The Topic Operator watches for `KafkaTopic` resources in the namespace of a Kafka cluster deployment.
> You specify a namespace and connection to the Kafka cluster to watch in the configuration.
> The Topic Operator can only watch a single Kafka cluster in a namespace.
> If you want to use the operator with more than one Kafka cluster, install the clusters to separate namespaces.

Reviewer: I don't think this makes sense for the standalone deployment.

```suggestion
The Topic Operator watches for `KafkaTopic` resources in a single namespace.
You specify the namespace and connection to the Kafka cluster to watch in the configuration.
A single namespace should be watched only by a single Topic Operator.
If you want to use multiple Topic Operators with different Kafka clusters, they should watch different namespaces.
```

Author: Changed to:

TO

> The Topic Operator watches for `KafkaTopic` resources in a single namespace.
> You specify the namespace to watch, and the connection to the Kafka cluster, in the Topic Operator configuration.
> A single Topic Operator can watch a single namespace. 
> Use more than one Topic Operator to watch different namespaces. 
> In this way, you can use the Topic Operator with multiple Kafka clusters.

CO

> The User Operator watches for `KafkaUser` resources in a single namespace.
> You specify the namespace to watch, and the connection to the Kafka cluster, in the User Operator configuration.
> A single User Operator can watch a single namespace. 
> Use more than one User Operator to watch different namespaces. 
> In this way, you can use the User Operator with multiple Kafka clusters.

Use the `05-Deployment-strimzi-topic-operator.yaml` deployment file to deploy the Topic Operator.
Add or set the environment variables needed to make a connection to a Kafka cluster.

The Topic Operator watches for `KafkaTopic` resources in a single namespace.
You specify the namespace to watch, and the connection to the Kafka cluster, in the Topic Operator configuration.
A single Topic Operator can watch a single namespace. 

> Use more than one Topic Operator to watch different namespaces. 
> In this way, you can use the Topic Operator with multiple Kafka clusters.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One namespace should be watched only by one Topic Operator.
If you want to use more than one Topic Operator, you should configure each of them to watch different namespaces. 
In this way, you can use the Topic Operators with multiple Kafka clusters.  
```
